Add exercise on basic HTML (#104)
carpentries-incubator/jekyll-pages-novice: _episodes/introduction.md

So as you can imagine, writing long HTML documents by hand is rather painful.
Notice that we didn't specify anything about how and where the text should be displayed.
To achieve this we would additionally need to include stylized tags or Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) instructions.
If you do not provide CSS instructions (either inside your HTML document or as a separate file),
a web browser will make a best guess regarding the layout of HTML elements on the page based on its defaults.

> ## The many tags in HTML
>
> In the `Hello world` example above 5 different tags are used (`html`, `head`, `title`, `body` and `p`) in their open `<>` and closed `</>` form.
> We see also the special `doctype` tag that indicates the format and version of the document, in this case, [HTML(5)][html5-wikipedia].
>

> > Other examples include often used structural tags such as `div`, `span`, `nav`, `section`;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Other examples include frequently used tags for structural elements such as `div`, `span`, `nav`, `section`;
```
